Now with added RUST+!!

You wake up naked on a beach with a rock. No kids. No mortgage. No emails. Within thirty minutes, you're collecting wood for some guy you don't even like. I cannot stress enough how optional this was.

Welcome to A Slice of Rust. Five mates have been given a second chance at civilisation and immediately reinvented property disputes.

CAST OF CHARACTERS

Bell | Jez | Kit | Nick | Richie

HOSTING

This is hosted on a 16Gb Raspberry Pi 5 running Raspberry Pi OS - which is essentially Debian 13 (Trixie). Rust is not supposed to run on this. But I am amazing.
I run Fex-em, lay down steam, then rust.
There is a repo running all of this.

It's run via Ansible - AWX. I built the AWX stack and host it at http://awx.ansible.com.

A bunch of admin things like updates and backups happen at around 4 am AEST. Ansible does them, and a warning should go through the game. If there is something urgent, then I might run one of the workflows in the day - you'll get a server alert, and it'll come straight back (so long as a 5-minute startup is straight back).

SETTINGS

Vanilla Rust. All settings currently default, except...

+server.worldsize: 1500
+server.seed: 12345
+server.maxplayers: 5
+server.saveinterval: 300 (seconds)
+server.tickrate: 30
server.itemdespawn: 180 (seconds)
server.secure: true
server.gamemode: Standard/Vanilla

STANDARD/VANILLA

Gathering Rates: 1x (Standard baseline for all nodes, trees, and components).
Crafting Speeds: Standard (Vanilla queues and timers apply).
Progression: Fully blueprints-based with default scrap costs.

FEATURES AND RULES

1. No scheduled admin wipes. Mandatory game wipes will still apply. I won't demolish your house because it's Tuesday; I'm going to leave that up to some nameless software company.

2. Free-for-all PvP. Teaming Welcome. Go solo. Make friends. Pool your resources and find out that "our base" means you're grinding stone while Nick experiments with a balcony. Form a team. Build something beautiful with people you trust, then discover someone has used all the metal fragments, making a substantially worse door. Cooperation is encouraged. So is having your own cupboard.

3. We have ambitions. Electricity. A helicopter. A base that doesn’t look like a bad episode of Grand Designs. Mostly, we stand around discussing what we should do while Bell is already doing something else.

4. No bullying or targeted harassment. Bullying bullying is the new bullying. Try turning “be nice” into a competitive activity. Don't, for example, call a truce, then shoot someone in the head because you pulled a nice gun.
